# Quiz

<details>
  <summary>Why do we bother with writing functions?</summary>
They are the foundation of JavaScript and they help keep our code DRY
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What is a scope in JavaScript?</summary>
A scope is a block of code that is defined between an opening bracket, {, and a closing bracket, }.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How would I create a function, named testing, with no arguments that returns the string 'Testing'</summary>

```ts
function testing() {
  return 'Testing';
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>What is a pure function?</summary>
A pure function is a function with no side effects.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What is the default return value of a function that does not return anything</summary>
undefined
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How would you declare a variable in JavaScript, named count, using the var keyword with an initial value of 100?</summary>

```js
var count = 10;
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Why do variables declared using var appear to hoist to the top of a function?</summary>
Because the JavaScript engine allocates a memory space for those variables on a first pass through.  The var keyword is only a marker for the engine to create memory for that variable.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What happens when I use a named variable without any var or let declaration?</summary>
The variable gets assigned memory in the global scope.
</details>

<details>
<summary>What are some differences between var and let?  Try to name at least 2. </summary>

1. A var variable can pollute global scope, let cannot.
1. A var variable is scoped to the earliest function block, let is scoped to the block it's declared in.
1. A var variable can be declared anywhere and used anywhere; you can only use a let variable after it is declared.
1. A var variable can be re-declared, a let variable can only be declared once.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>How does const relate to let?</summary>
Const is handled the same as let, but you cannot assign a const variable a new value.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What are the two main features that TypeScript brings to the JavaScript ecosystem?</summary>

1. Type checking
1. Variable access checks

</details>

<details>
  <summary> What are the three main categories in TypeScript that make up all other categories?</summary>

1. Literal Types
1. Intrinsic Types
1. Reference Types

</details>

<details>
  <summary>BONUS: What is the TypeScript category that can join together multiple class types?</summary>

Union Types

</details>

<details>
  <summary>What are some of the built in JavaScript variable types?  Try to name at least 3.</summary>

1. undefined
1. string
1. boolean
1. number
1. bigint
1. symbol
1. object
1. function

</details>
